Drawling the line between double checking and compulsively checking.
I force myself to clean, and in doing so I'm able to keep my mind in order.
I usually find it, but it bothers me that I have to check all the time.
Then afterwards I obsessively clean my bathroom and brush my teeth.
I wash my hands compulsively fearing I will get sick, I won't share food.
To keep that from happening I compulsively check locks, closed doors, electrical outlets etc. and the pictures I make of those items; I count to five before I open, close, plug in or unplug, etc. something.
I also would check and make sure I locked my doors and set my houses alarm system multiple times and would lock my car pretty compulsively as well.
compulsively clean the apartment
I feel this was the situation that made my OCD and anxiety come back full force because ever since then I've been getting reminders of other stupid things I've done and I've also started compulsively checking my past activities on the web to make sure I don't do anything else stupid.
This works most of the time, but other times it seems like I begin to compulsively write everything down.
compulsively clean and organize (not so great as a tactic but so satisfying)
I began compulsively doing dishes and just generally freaking out.
She knows I have OCD with cleaning, so she leaves a mess KNOWING I have to compulsively clean it.
I know I have OCD as I have counting compulsions, oral hygiene obsessions and compulsions, and severe checking compulsions.
Anyway, has anyone else had obsessions/compulsions starting out this way?
Compulsions ( I have to recite things, walk a certain way, clean my hands a certain way ).
Since then I've gone back to more checking/contamination compulsions than I've had in a long time.
My compulsions include hand washing, sighing, picking at dead skin, and pacing (among other things).
Sometimes it manifests itself as compulsions, like counting, checking, and reassurance seeking, but it's largely obsessive thinking and rumination to the point of stagnation, at times.
To have these ridiculous compulsions that you can't stop doing despite being aware that they are ridiculous?